so, uh, short duty. Uh, you you could travel a lot or a little, depending
upon the mission that the command that you were at, for instance,
what was it? The Naval Postgraduate School was a junior officer. Um,
I went out twice. One year following here. I went out three times,
and that was for four days at most on each of those trips. Um, as
your ulcer. Later on, a Szmyd grade officer assigned to the also military
affairs of the central tells us agency I was an exercise actually
on. I would go to what they called was identified as the initial
mid final planning conferences. These plenty conferences would be Monday
through Friday. We're on a Friday, you travel days, work days
in between. And I ran some 30 exercises in year, so that was quite a
bit of travel that would be combined in there. Now, we had a lot of
also goes back and forth that we were covering each other for, But
let's say there was a fair bit of travel, but I was traveling about
want maybe two weeks every month I was traveling for the CIA and doing
my decisive board back and forth. You could wind up doing that. I
know off other officers that traveled as much doing other jobs. And
I know of officers that did Maur and other officers that did less.
What? Again? It depends on the commands mission of I was travel. You're
actually wind up. You do it.